this is a purchase a very tough
engineering a bummer and it wasn't
something that I thought I wasn't sure
it couldn't be solved but for one but
then I think just just so relatively
recently listen within the last 12
months or so I've company clear that
that I can't assault and I think space
was not the cottage up we could fail I'm
not saying we we're certain of success
here but we're going to try to do and we
have a design that on paper doing the
calculations doing simulations it
doesn't work and now we need to make
sure that the simulations and reality
agree has generally when they don't
reality with
and then this is the simulation that you
may have seen in the lobby coming in i
was working posted to our website right
around now is will show you a simulation
of what we 45 to do now that simulation
is is mostly accurate but there are a
few areas which are inaccurate in some
cases just do timing constraints we
weren't able to work with the simulation
of people to to get it really out of it
and some cases we're keeping a few
technical things under I have but it
gives you a jet a pretty good idea of
what we're bringing our intense period
which is to land basically the first
stage after stage separation to the
stage around relight the engines respect
to Lauren Pat and I'm for possibly on on
landing legs and then out of the other
stage after dropping off the satellite
or brackets page map then do a theoric
burn reenter you need a part of half of
each yield steer aerodynamically back to
the north side you don't actually need
wings my words of Congress perception to
steer after now features needed some
leftover crack number and looked but
lift vector and and hence divx one had
them and possibly with other state also
with landing here
you can imagine that if planes were not
reusable of very few people with luck
mr. 147 is about 300 billion dollars
could be two of them per round trip and
yet i don't think anyone care to pay
half a billion goal is to fly and the
reason this resistor the planes can be
used tens of thousands of times and so
whole you really came for is fuel and
highland costume you know it's money
served incidentals and the capital cost
is relatively small so that that's why
it's such a two giant difference
a fully reputable system is
fundamentally required for like to
become multiplanetary for us to
establish live upon on Mars Mars the
only realistic option for another planet
Venus being too hot mercury being way
too hot you're giving a gas giant and
the birds of Jupiter or possibility
that's much further out and hotter in 11
different ways and moon is sort of too
small and resource for each other to
make much multiplanetary episode not not
just have a little bass a little bass is
not that interesting but a
self-sustaining human civilization is
that doesn't multiple planets that we're
like continued even in the event of
climate you know that is the real thing
and you know what what has to be more
than about solving problems you know if
all that life is about the sewing
problem why probably getting up in the
morning that we things that inspire you
you know that that make you proud to be
a member of humanity and you know the
Apollo program should make an example of
that it's only a handful it avoids the
river and yet actually we all went to
the way we went with them like my
character which we share in an adventure
I don't think anyone would say that that
was bad but that was great so you know
we need we need we need more of those
things would need to put this may need
some of those things